---
ID: 67
post_title: Federal Form I-9 FAQ
author: Emily
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: >
  http://www.umw.edu/financialaid/student-employment/applicants/i-9/
published: true
post_date: 2016-02-22 13:49:39
---
Students who are seeking to work on campus should be prepared to show original ID(s) for the Federal Form I-9. According to the <a href="http://www.uscis.gov/i-9">USCIS</a>, all employers in the United States “must ensure proper completion of Form I-9 for each individual they hire for employment (…) The employee must also present his or her employer with acceptable documents evidencing identity and employment authorization.”
<h2>What IDs can I bring?</h2>
Please review the last page of the <a href="http://www.umw.edu/financialaid/wp-content/uploads/sites/31/2017/03/I-9-NOV2016.pdf">FormI-9 </a>for a list of acceptable documents.
<h2>When do I need to bring my IDs?</h2>
You must present your original IDs to the Office of Financial Aid on or, preferably, well before your intended first day of work.  Copies, photos, or expired IDs are not acceptable.
<h2>Will just my school ID and driver’s license work?</h2>
No. These IDs only evidence identity, but they do not evidence employment authorization in the United States. A photo ID in List B must be accompanied by a List C document.
<h2>Can I bring my passport only?</h2>
Yes. Any item in List A will suffice on its own as acceptable documentation.
<h2>Do returning student employees need to show IDs?</h2>
Not usually. If there has been an extended break in your employment (besides summer and winter breaks), please contact studentemployment@umw.edu to make sure.
<h2>I am a nonresident alien. What do I need to bring?</h2>
If you bring your foreign passport, you will also need to present the Form I-94 and DS-2019. While you do not need to bring your social security card, you must apply for a social security number with the Social Security Administration. Please see Ann Witkowski in the <a href="http://international.umw.edu/">Center for International Education</a> to make arrangements.
<h2>I do not have a List A or List C ID on campus. What should I do?</h2>
We strongly discourage parents from mailing List A or List C documents. Occasionally students will make a trip home to pick up their IDs, or a parent will make a trip to campus. This works out best around extended break periods.

Students may also apply for a social security card at the local Social Security Administration building in Fredericksburg and present the receipt to the Office of Financial Aid. They will still be responsible for showing the actual social security card in-person within 90 days of employment.

Address for SSA: 9915 Jefferson Davis Hwy, Fredericksburg, VA 22407

Please review their hours before making a trip.
<h2>I am scheduled to begin work tomorrow, but I do not have my IDs. What should I do?</h2>
Unfortunately, we cannot work around the regulation. Please communicate your issue to your supervisor. Supervisors are aware of the regulation and are encouraged to make arrangements with you for a later start date.